OSDOCS#11411: Adding multiarch scheduling section for ROSA and OSD (#83236)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-architecture-scheduling-examples.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="multi-architecture-scheduling-examples_{context}"]
= Sample multi-architecture node workload deployments

> Before you schedule workloads on a cluster with compute nodes of different architectures, consider the following use cases:

Reviewer: For ROSA doc, as tainted is removed, there is only one use case

```suggestion
Before you schedule workloads on a cluster with compute nodes of different architectures, consider the following use case(s):
```
